We are completely changing the way authentication works on this website. From now on, users will not be able to create accounts on their own. Instead, they will have to email images of their ID cards to a specific email address which we possess. Then, we will review the ID cards and create accounts for them, to prevent fake accounts and other such things. As of now, we do not know what email address will be used. So, on the landing page of the website, there must be a small, yet clearly visible banner message kind of thing that says, "Looking to create an account? Click here for more info." with "click here for more info" hyperlinking to a different page that clearly explains the authentication system outlined above. Also, delete the entire sign up page, and remove any mention of the admission number. We will only be using username/password in the login page. A new signup page must be created that can only be accessed by a password known to the developers, that is, my friends and I. The password is "callofdutywarzonewikipediaspotify". Instead of the current sign up button on the landing page, there must instead be a button labelled "Dev page" and once it is clicked, and the password mentioned above is provided, it will show a new sign up page which has the fields "Name", "Class", and "Password". And on the login page, there must be only 2 fields: name and password. Users must be able to view other users' profiles. Profiles contain the following details: name, class, age, and bio. Fix the current classmate search system, it is not returning any classmates, and also it must be reconfigured for name search, not admission number search, and also it must return multiple search results as the user types in a name, just like in other search systems. And fix the messages, right now in the messages window, after I tried to find a user, it was not returning any user's name. Also allow chat groups to be formed. Make sure when a chat group is formed between users, the users are not added directly, rather, the users are sent an invite for joining the chat group